Hi folks.
And welcome.
In this video I'm going to show you how to use the Course specifically what resources we have to help
you.
You're going to get stuff from time to time or just have ideas you want to run past people or just want
to test your understanding.
So how can you do that.
Where can you go for help and when should you look for help.
Let's talk about the second one first.
We encourage you to use these resources and to get help.
But we'd also like to encourage you to try and fix these problems first.
It could be a great way of learning.
So if you're doing something that's not quite working try for about 20 minutes to fix it yourself.
If after that you're just stuck and you don't know where to go.
Then go look for help.
Try and get in the habit of understanding the engine well enough to get there first.
But if you can't that's fine.
I get stuck all the time.
There's nothing wrong with asking for help.
So where would we look for help.
Well the first place to go is udemy itself right.
The site that you're watching this video on this is great for really short questions.
What's the name of this function.
Is there a way that I could get collision in kinematic to these body that kind of thing.
You can just post in the Q and A and we'll get back to you as soon as we can.
But what if you have more involve question or you want to run ideas past people or you're just not quite
sure and you'd like more that's conversation.
Well then we have two options.
The first thing you can do is you can go to the game dev TV community site so you open your web browser
and just enter those forms are show that nasacort.
The other thing you can do is join our disco channel discord as a free chat thing it has voice and text.
We primarily use written text but if you want to use voice go for it.
It's a really friendly community and frankly there all the time so I drop by.
Let's show you what these things look like.
So first off here we are in discord It's a lovely friendly place.
And we've got people saying hi to you already.
And we've got channels for God.
Oh and our other courses are his that blender course very popular one his the bogeying course and all
kinds of other fun stuff in here.
Right place to show your work really friendly communic community.
And the invite for this is in the resources of this video.
So just click on the dischord link and you'll get taken here.
We also have this game live TV community site so that's also your resources community.
Game day of TV and a very friendly place to share information on all the courses.
Every time we create a lecture or a section it will automatically get populated here in this forum.
So here's the good one with this cheerful little god.
A robot icon so you can just jump in and chat with people ask questions.
Share your thoughts share your projects get help with all kinds of problems.
Really fun place.
So now here's our first challenge.
Whenever you see this slide with the big green border and this little pause like on here this is a challenge
that I'm going to give you.
The idea is to tell you what the challenges your pause the video and then you'll come back.
So very simple.
Just drop by and say hi in one of the social spaces.
You could do this either in the you know me.
Q And a.
If you do this please do us a favour.
Mark you post as answered.
We do want to talk to you.
May I say hi.
But we're going to prioritize problems people have.
And so if your thing is Mark's answered it's going to not go to the very top of the queue so someone
has a critical problem we can deal with that first or go to the kind of community forum into the got
section one area.
This section you're in and just say hi and tell us what you're doing or go to the game discord server.
You know I have to give any personal information you can just say hi.
Tell me what you're interested in learning anything like that and once you've done that you're ready
to move on to the next video.